alert your mission should you decide to
accept it will be revealed at HQ this
world will self-destruct but first are
the best
Jerry okay pingchat fine good
so not good not good yeah I'm gonna mark
welcome to dog HQ three hours ago we
intercepted this transmission I will
enslave you can't begin to imagine how
dangerous years o our worst fears come
true we have no other choice cats and
dogs will have to work together your new
car is fitted with a lockpick netting
helium neon laser and this is yours
sweet what's it do hold your name tag on
your neck
spider I
for this boat it's a bird it's a bunny
no Pat it right the first don't be
scared now hold your paw
if I tickle your tummy your photo shoot
yeah that's just a myth all right that's
enough oh boy that's good this is a
story three species putting aside our
differences to solve a mystery call the
old-fashioned but I preferred it when we
all hated each other hairball
oh right the dropping floor thing I've
seen what
how beers cats and dogs the revenge of
kitty galore
you